welcome back to what's inside I'm
Lincoln this is Dan and today we're
going to cut open this beautiful
Brunswick bowling pin this is an
official USBC approved plastic coated
bowling pin it has a little bit of wood
and a hole in the bottom and some
plastic on it
I'm wondering if it's going to be just
full of wood when I read online it looks
like some of them are filled with
possibly rocks and bricks
but we cut open this bowling ball a few
months back and so it's just natural
that we cut open a bowling pin now but
before we do that we're going to have a
little fun with it and see if we can
Bowl the bowling ball
and hit this one pin sounds pretty easy
to hit just one pin and bowling but when
you're bowling with half of a bowling
ball it's gonna be a little tricky
Oh God with the ball part dude that's
job sweet we've proven that you can bowl
a strike with half of a bowling ball and
one bowling pin I know it doesn't sound
like that amazing of an accomplishment
but it was actually kind of hard and
really fun to do Lincoln what do you
think is going to be inside of this I
think there's gonna be wood all the way
through like dark wood I think there's
going to be something else inside of it
that's heavier because this bowling pin
feels very heavy it's very well made
very well balanced I'm just going to cut
it right down the middle here might take
a couple directions that we have to go
on it but this will be fun
we covered its sawdust that's funny
yeah that's making a mess that's filling
up that bag yes sawdust oh yeah
and look at look at this we did the shot
put ball this thing boom a hole right
through it and it's all like stick it
out yeah our bag is not that effective
anymore after that shot put ball burned
a hole in our bag
all right Lincoln come on over I think
we did it you ready yes okay let's see
you take one side I'll take the other
go ahead oh maybe it's not quite there
we could do like we did on the bowling
ball video and dropped on the ground so
take a look at it it is pure wood it has
a little hole at the bottom that must be
I mean that was the hole that we already
saw at the bottom it must be some sort
of contraption that helps it get on the
lanes properly and for them to grab it
but you can see a thin plastic coat that
goes all around it and then it's just
wood inside
it's a beautiful bowling pin you want it
to cut open mystery so there we go
that's what's inside of a bowling pin
thanks for that mess Lincoln but thank
you so much for subscribing and for
watching our videos we appreciate all
the comments that you guys give that
give us ideas for things to cut open
just like this bowling pin thanks for
watching until next time glue with that